cloud: create the TiDB Cloud partner doc (#18785)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/managed-service-provider.md

## Manage daily tasks for MSP customers

> As a TiDB Cloud Managed Service Provider partner or an AWS CPPO (Channel Partner Private Offer) Partner, you have two methods to manage your daily management tasks:

Author: ```suggestion
As a TiDB Cloud PingCAP MSP partner or an AWS CPPO (Channel Partner Private Offer) Partner, you have two methods to manage your daily management tasks:
```
